talk
talk fast
but first
my name is sarah connor
august 29 1997
was supposed to be judgment day
but i changed the future saved
three billion lives enough of a resume
for you
no you may have changed the future
but you didn't change our fate
i know you're scared but i'm here to
protect you
i've never seen one like you before
almost
human i am human just enhanced
why do you care what happens to her
because i was her
i can see you're very upset i am going
to help you
protect the girl
nobody else is going to die because of
me
if you don't make it everybody dies
expect a big pain brother whole body's a
weapon
sorry
when this is all over i am going to kill
you
i understand
i'll be back
you